[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-I was so surprised that she did that, and we know her nature, and she writing is so rare such like
that.
She is so special as she was stuck up in her head, her aspiration, her intention.
And I think that has been something so-- it is special, so special.
And therefore, all of the Samyas, the disciples, the students of the Kijinur-Mukhi,
the stone, the devotion, trying to keep the practice in view of Samyas,
preserve the Samyas' connections, and the practice will get it.
And then, I think it's a little bit of sunshine to see him bring a connection.
But that come, that is always the teaching said.
When the disciples or the individuals, when it's ready, the enlightenment, manifestation,
will appear according to the readiness of the individuals.
He used examples in the Buddha teaching as the work is so clear, clear.
It is immediately trying the reflections of the sun and moon without any delay that will come
naturally.
Similarly, Samyas' practicing is with Kriya's practice, and where it has started.
And then definitely a beautiful opportunity will come, and that will come,
and we will pray for that very much.
(Kriya speaking in Japanese)